- Define physical property.
	- Measurable behavior or characteristic of matter without the matter reacting to other things
	- Water attributes for the medium for life
- List physical properties of water that are consequential for animals in aquatic habitats. 
	- Upward force of an object in a fluid
- Outline the cause and effect of buoyancy. 
	- Density of an object is lower than the density of the fluid that surrounds it
	- Object floats
- Outline the cause and effect of viscosity. 
	- Measure of a fluid's tendency to flow
	- Due to the amount of friction the molecules of a liquid experience as they flow over each other
- Compare viscosity of air to water to blood. 
	- Air: not viscous
	- Water: Very viscous 
	- Blood: More viscous because of dissolved solutes
- Define thermal conductivity.
	- Measure of a material's ability to move heat
- Compare less conductive to more conductive materials. 
	- Copper vs air or wool
	- Wool in sheep during winter
	- Fat in ocean mammals
- Outline a consequence to life of the thermal conductivity of air and water.
- Define specific heat capacity.
- Describe why water has a high specific heat capacity.
- State two benefits to life of the high specific heat capacity of water. 
- Outline a benefit to life of water's high specific heat capacity.
- Compare the physical properties of water to those of air.
- Describe how the  black-throated loon (Gavia arctica) and/or the ringed seal (Pusa hispida) interact with the physical properties of water in their habitat. 
	- Ringed Seal:
		- Seals have adaptations to swim through viscous water
		- Seals have blubber to maintain body heat through the water
		- Habitat stability through the water because the temperature of water doesn't change that frequently
	- Black throated loon
		- Buoyancy in water allows the bird to stay afloat
		- Air is not viscous so it can fly through it easily
		- Air has a low thermal conductivity
		- Air has a lower specific heat